[ML-16055] Add a new conda recipe for customers using DCS with DBR 9.0+ (#60)
databricks/containers: ubuntu/python-conda/README.md

# Conda Python Container

> This image is intended as an alternative to the [python](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python) docker image. It provides similar functionality but with the latest conda environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is an alternative to the [python](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python) docker image. It provides similar functionality but with the latest conda environment.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion

> # Conda Python Container

Reviewer 2: Please include this important warning about Anaconda service agreement and get the links from here: https://docs.databricks.com/libraries/notebooks-python-libraries.html#manage-libraries-with-conda-commands

```
Important

Anaconda Inc. updated their terms of service for anaconda.org channels in September 2020. Based on the new terms of service you may require a commercial license if you rely on Anaconda’s packaging and distribution. See Anaconda Commercial Edition FAQ for more information. Your use of any Anaconda channels is governed by their terms of service.
```

> This image is intended as an alternative to the [python](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python) docker image. It provides similar functionality but with the latest conda environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This image is intended as an alternative to the [python](https://github.com/databricks/containers/tree/master/ubuntu/python) docker image. It provides similar functionality but uses conda as the package manager and builds a conda environment instead of a virtualenv for Python notebooks.
```

Author: The standard python DCS image is still built with conda, so we can't add this in quite yet. The wording will be updated when the training team updates the default python image to use virtualenv
